bad link for tutorial in cheat sheet (#4)
superfluid-finance/superfluid-protocol-docs: cheat-sheet.md

#### Quick-start

> Setup the SDK in Truffle console and mint DAIx. See the [tutorial](https://docs.superfluid.finance/superfluid/protocol-tutorials/create-a-superfluid-flow) for a full walk-through.

Reviewer: I think maybe the getting started is a better place to start. Thanks for catching this!

```suggestion
Setup the SDK in Truffle console and mint DAIx. See the [tutorial](https://docs.superfluid.finance/superfluid/protocol-tutorials/getting-started) for a full walk-through.
```
